# Some Responses to the Discussion Questions

1. Extension to the descriptor language in Bitcoin Core for expressing all knowledge about how to spend a particular outputs.
2. Not a “Why” answer, more like “How”: New buckets represent potential new peers that we have not yet established contact with. New allows duplicates (each address could show up in up to 4 new buckets) because it treats the same IP coming from different sources differently. Tried buckets represent peers that we have established meaningful contact. Tried table does not allow duplicates, the same IP always hashes to one single bucket, regardless of where that IP came from. Addresses from new could move to tried or be removed completely if its bucket is full. And interestingly, addresses from tried could also move back to new (evicted). This does not completely answer why we have this two-tier table design in the first place, except for perhaps the aforementioned difference in allowing duplicates. Learn more [here](http://diyhpl.us/wiki/transcripts/stanford-blockchain-conference/2019/miniscript/).
3. Hardened child keys are derived using the parent private key in the child derivation function and non-hardened keys are derived using the parent public keys. This leads to 1. non-hardened keys can be derived from an extended public key without a private key being involved in the process. This is useful for a service like an e-commerce store. This is not possible for hardened keys as a private keys is used. 2. In case a non-hardened private key is exposed together with the extended public key, that can be used to compromise all other derived private keys. This is not possible with hardened keys. Additionally, please note that non-hardened keys use child indexes from 1 to 2^31 -1 and hardened keys use 2^31 to 2^32 - 1. Learn more [here](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0032.mediawiki#Child_key_derivation_CKD_functions) and [here](https://bitcoin.stackexchange.com/questions/37488/eli5-whats-the-difference-between-a-child-key-and-a-hardened-child-key-in-bip3).
4. Corresponding external and internal chains are derived from one Account/Wallet. The external chain is used to derive addresses which can be shared with e.g. a buyer (ie somebody sending bitcoin). The internal chain is used to e.g.  derive a change address when sending bitcoin. Neither the external or internal chain are visible from outside of the wallet. The external chain can be shared e.g. via a public extended key (xpub) of that account/wallet. Then everybody, who has access to that xpub, can derive public keys for the external chain. As long as the xpub of the internal chain is not shared, it's not visible to the outside. Read more [here](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0032.mediawiki#the-default-wallet-layout), [here](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/raw/master/bip-0032/derivation.png), and [here](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0032.mediawiki#unsecure-money-receiver-nmih0).
